> This is an **alpha release** of cert-manager. It is subject to change in breaking ways
> and should only be used for testing the latest features of cert-manager in order to
> provide feedback ahead of a non-alpha release.

[Documentation](https://cert-manager.readthedocs.io/en/release-0.3)

This release follows on from the alpha.1 release earlier this month.

Notably, ingress-shim is now no longer a standalone binary, and is instead linked into the main cert-manager-controller container. This should see a reduction in memory consumption, as well as simplified deployment and operations when inspecting cert-manager itself.

**We have also changed the default behaviour of ingress-shim** (or now, cert-manager), to set the `ingressClass` field instead of `ingress` on Certificate resources it creates. This should enable better compatibility with ingress controllers like nginx. For more information on the reasons for this change, see #235.

In order to continue to support users using ingress controllers that bind a single IP address to a single Ingress resource (such as the gce ingress controller), we have added the new `certmanager.k8s.io/acme-http01-edit-in-place` annotation that can be added to your Ingress resource. When set, cert-manager will set the `ingress` field on the Certificate resource it generates (similar to the behaviour in previous releases).

## Changelog since v0.3.0-alpha.1

### Action Required

* **ACTION REQUIRED**: Remove ingress-shim and link it into cert-manager itself. You must change your 'helm install' command to use the new `--ingressShim.defaultIssuerName`, `--ingressShim.defaultIssuerKind` options when upgrading as `--ingressShim.extraArgs` has been removed. (#502, @munnerz)

* **ACTION REQUIRED**: Add `certmanager.k8s.io/acme-http01-edit-in-place` annotation and change ingress-shim to set 'ingressClass' on ACME Certificate resources by default. This is a potentially breaking change for users of ingress controllers that map a single IP address to a single Ingress resource, such as the GCE ingress controller. These users will need to add the following annotation to their ingress: `certmanager.k8s.io/acme-http01-edit-in-place: "true"`. (#493, @munnerz)

### Bugfixes:

* Fix a bug causing certificates for domain.com as well as *.domain.com to fail validation (#514, @munnerz)
* Fixed bug requiring users to specify the apex domain (e.g. example.com) when attempting to obtain a wildcard certificate from an ACME server (#512, @munnerz)

